Design Documentation (#69)
Imageomics/cautious-robot: design-doc/final-design.md

## New Design Implementations

- Parallel Downloading: 
Parallel downloading faster and efficient downloading of images from user csv input rather than a serial. Using methods of multiple HTTP connections and Additive Increase and Multiplicative Decrease.

- Data Output in Different Formats (Potential Option if Use Case): 

> User can select the final output of the files to be saved such as archived zip files. This will allow the user to have more versatality of the final output for the images downloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User can select the final output of the files to be saved such as archived zip files or Parquet. This will allow the user to have more versatility of the final output for the images downloaded.
```
Keeping in focus the idea that this package is intended to be usable on a laptop.

Author: I have made a note of it!
